Who is rich?
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on!
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
I won't leave, I won't stop
Since you want to stay
I want to see the style of each young master
Then just watch it carefully
Come, you go
We pity you downstairs
I didn't tell you to get in the car.
Then I'll open an independent home for you
Let's eat each other and give me a car
Just eat less food and don’t eat it too raw.
Ping, you are only ten when you are young.
Now the leaves are fresh and they will be gone after three days.
Now that we have eaten it, our food tastes better
Then let me share a table with Ye Xianren Ye Taitai.
There is a famous solo dancer in my little bed